<!DOCTYPE html [
    <!ENTITY nbsp "&#160;"> 
]>
<ui:composition template="/templates/main-layout.xhtml"
     xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"
     xmlns:f="http://java.sun.com/jsf/core"
     xmlns:h="http://java.sun.com/jsf/html"
     xmlns:ui="http://java.sun.com/jsf/facelets"
     xmlns:p="http://primefaces.org/ui"
     xmlns:c="http://java.sun.com/jsp/jstl/core">     
<ui:define name="leftnav">
<h:form id="leftnav_form">
    <h:panelGrid columns="1" border="0">
    <f:subview id="news_link_sv">
        <div class="NewsNav"> 
        <p:commandLink value="News:" 
            style="text-align:left; text-decoration:underline;"
            action="topnav_news">
            <f:setPropertyActionListener value="true"   
                 target="#{NavigationBean.newsSelected}" /> 
        </p:commandLink>  
        </div>
    </f:subview>
    <p:panel style="max-height:200px; vscroll:auto">
    <c:forEach var="news" items="#{DataListBean.dataMap['NewsItem']}" begin="0" end="2" >
        <div class="NewsNav">
        <h:commandLink   
            action="topnav_news">
            <h:outputText value="#{news.values['EventDate']}"> 
               <f:convertDateTime format="MM/dd/yyyy"/>
            </h:outputText>           
            <h:outputText value=" | #{news.values['Title']}"/>            
            <f:setPropertyActionListener value="true"   
                 target="#{NavigationBean.newsSelected}" /> 
            <f:setPropertyActionListener value="#{news.id}"   
                target="#{NewsBean.id}" />                                             
        </h:commandLink>
        </div>        
    </c:forEach>
    </p:panel>                                          
    </h:panelGrid>
<p:panel header="Privacy Policy" style="width:260px">
    <div style="font-family:arial"><strong>What information do we collect?</strong> <br /><br />We collect information from you when you register on our site, subscribe to our newsletter, respond to a survey or fill out a form.  <br /><br />When ordering or registering on our site, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your: name or e-mail address. You may, however, visit our site anonymously.<br /><br /><strong>What do we use your information for?</strong> <br /><br />Any of the information we collect from you may be used in one of the following ways: <br /><br />; To personalize your experience<br />(your information helps us to better respond to your individual needs)<br /><br />; To improve our website<br />(we continually strive to improve our website offerings based on the information and feedback we receive from you)<br /><br />; To improve customer service<br />(your information helps us to more effectively respond to your customer service requests and support needs)<br /><br />; To process transactions<br /><blockquote>Your information, whether public or private, will not be sold, exchanged, transferred, or given to any other company for any reason whatsoever, without your consent, other than for the express purpose of delivering the purchased product or service requested.</blockquote><br /><br /><strong>How do we protect your information?</strong> <br /><br />We implement a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information when you enter, submit, or access your personal information. <br /> <br />We offer the use of a secure server. All supplied sensitive/credit information is transmitted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology and then encrypted into our Database to be only accessed by those authorized with special access rights to our systems, and are required to?keep the information confidential. <br /><br />After a transaction, your private information (credit cards, social security numbers, financials, etc.) will not be kept on file for more than 60 days.<br /><br /><strong>Do we use cookies?</strong> <br /><br />We do not use cookies.<br /><br /><strong>Do we disclose any information to outside parties?</strong> <br /><br />We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information. This does not include trusted third parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others rights, property, or safety. However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.<br /><br /><strong>Your Consent</strong> <br /><br />By using our site, you consent to our <a style='text-decoration:none; color:#3C3C3C;' href='http://www.freeprivacypolicy.com/' target='_blank'>privacy policy</a>.<br /><br />
    <span></span><span></span></div>
</p:panel>

</h:form>
</ui:define>
<ui:define name="content">
<h:form  id="cntct_form"> 
<p:panel style="width:100%;">
    <p:panel style="width:100%;">
	    <div style="width:100%; font-family:arial; align:left;">
	    <h:graphicImage url="images/small_facebook_icon.png"/>
	    <strong>Visit us on Facebook</strong> 
	    <br /><br />
	    Use the below link to visit our Facebook page and utilize Facebook messaging to send us a private message or simply comment, like or share content using standard Facebook links. 
	    <br /><br />
	    <p:spacer height="20"/>
	    <h:outputLink id="fb_link" value="https://www.facebook.com/cloudgraph" 
	        target="_blank">
	        <h:outputText value="https://www.facebook.com/cloudgraph" />
	    </h:outputLink>
	
	    </div>
    </p:panel>
    
    <p:spacer height="20"/>
    
    <p:panel style="width:100%;">
	    <div style="width:100%; font-family:arial">
        <h:graphicImage url="images/github_icon.png"/>
	    <strong>Go to our GitHub Page</strong> 
	    <br /><br />
	    Use the below link to visit our GitHub page and 'star' one of our repos to get updates on source and binary 
	    releases, wikis and other Github facilities. Just go to the CloudGraph Github page using the link below and
	    hit the 'star' link if you already have a Github account, or sign up for Github
        <h:outputLink id="github_su" value="https://github.com/join" 
            target="_blank">
            <h:outputText value="here" />
        </h:outputLink>, then visit the page.
	    <br /><br />
	    <p:spacer height="20"/>
	    <h:outputLink id="github_link" value="https://github.com/terrameta/cloudgraph" 
	        target="_blank">
	        <h:outputText value="https://github.com/terrameta/cloudgraph" />
	    </h:outputLink>
	
	    </div>
    </p:panel>
    <p:spacer height="20"/>
    <p:panel style="width:100%;">
        <div style="width:100%; font-family:arial">
        <strong>Email Us Directly</strong> 
        <br /><br />
        Click one of the buttons below to send a direct, secure email to one of our staff areas and we will reply using the given reply email address. 
        <p>
        Note: no email address information is stored in a database of any kind as a result of sending a contact email. 
        </p> 
        <p>
        For more information, please see our privacy policy regarding any use of email or other personal information entered on this site.   
        </p>
        <br /><br />
        <p:spacer height="20"/>
        <span>
        <p:commandButton value="Support" type="button" 
           onclick="contactModalPanel_wgt.show()"/>
        <p:commandButton value="General Info" type="button" 
           onclick="contactModalPanel_wgt.show()"/>
        </span> 
        </div>
    </p:panel>
</p:panel>
</h:form>
  <ui:include src="/common/ContactModalPanel.xhtml" />
       
</ui:define>
</ui:composition>